Add code search functionality to test plan (#2577)
github/vscode-codeql: docs/test-plan.md

1. Make changes via config file (ensure JSON schema is helping out)
1. Close and re-open VS Code (ensure lists are there)
1. Collapse/expand tree nodes

> 1. Right click on a list and select "Add repositories with GitHub Code Search". Enter the query "org:dotnet project". This should show some rate limiting notifications but should eventually populate a list.

Reviewer: We could use this python library, it returns a lot more results. 

```suggestion
1. Create a new list, right click and select "Add repositories with GitHub Code Search". Enter the language 'python' and the query "UserMixin". This should show a rate limiting notification after a while but eventually populate the list with roughly 770 items.
```
